As an organized individual, I want a digital to-do list manager to help me
keep track of tasks. I'd like a tool that allows me to add, remove, and view
tasks on my to-do list. The tool should be interactive and ask for my input as
I perform these actions.
Acceptance Criteria:
Given a menu of options to add, remove, or view tasks,
When I choose to add a task and provide the task description,
Then the tool should add the task to the list.
And the tool should ask if I want to add more tasks to the list and repeat the
process until I indicate that I'm done adding tasks.
When I choose to remove a task and provide the task description,
Then the tool should remove the task from the list.
And the tool should ask if I want to remove more tasks from the list and repeat
the process until I indicate that I'm done removing tasks.
When I choose to view my to-do list,
Then the tool should display the current list of tasks.
And the tool should ask if I want to perform any other actions (add, remove, or
exit).
Example:
Scenario: Managing To-Do List Interactively
Given a menu of options to add, remove, or view tasks,
When I choose to add a task and provide the task description, such as "Buy
groceries",
And I choose to add another task, providing "Finish report",
And I indicate that I'm done adding tasks,
Then the tool should add "Buy groceries" and "Finish report" to my to-do list.
And when I choose to remove a task and input "Buy groceries",
And I choose to remove another task, inputting "Finish report",
And I indicate that I'm done removing tasks,
Then the tool should remove "Buy groceries" and "Finish report" from my to-do list.
And when I choose to view my to-do list,
Then the tool should display the current list of tasks, if any.
And the tool should ask if I want to add, remove, view, or exit.
And I can continue interacting with the tool, adding, removing, viewing, or
exiting as needed.

This user story describes a to-do list manager program that interacts
with the user to add, remove, and view tasks, allowing them to perform
these actions iteratively until they decide to exit the program.